11/19 team leader standup
team 1 - Yesterday, went over security options for validation and authentication. 
	Firebase was selected as it creates the token for you to verify against their API. 
	Did a bunch of research about using Spring Security. The team 1 channel has flow diagrams to depict how they intend to implement.
	Today will continue looking into getting firebase and spring security working together. 
	Assigning roles to firebase accounts and how to pass those role to our servers.
	Time permitting, they begin working in pairs on implementation. 
	
team 2 - Made mock diagrams of their component views. Models, controllers and repo made for doctor and nurse. 
	Registration page exists. Nurse home page has created a component. Email form validation implemented. 
	Were told that the primary keys for doctors and nurses need to be strings as that it was firebase will generate.
	Today, will continue working on doctor component. Will meet up with diagnosis team after lunch to share patient model.
	
team 3 - Designed the logo. Started working on covid verification(front end done) and the rooms page. Think they may be able to finish the covid form backend today. 
	Want to meet up with team 2 as well to discuss the nurse and doctor models. 
	
team 4 - Yesterday, we worked on models for patient, diagnosis form. 
	Their were a couple of dependencies that we needed to comment out to get things working. 
	Today will get controllers working and hope to start to on the front end. 
	Asked about whether the nurse page team will handle patient checkin or if team 4 will take care of this. 
	
11/22 team leader standup.

team 1 - Researched atteching user roles. Chose to do in the backend by restricting the controllers. Will work on implementing the plan thruout the application. 

team 2 - some work done. Have questions for other teams.

team 3 - FE and BE done for covid verification. Working on Nurse selecting a room for a patient, backend is working. They are working on the UI for the FE portion. 

team 4 - Pretty much full controller and service functionality for the backend. Today need to figure out how patient data gets to the diagnosis component. 
	Will need to add more fields to the diagnosis models. 
	
11/23

Team 1 - yesterday, after merges, been working on have security services hook up to their needed points thruout the application. It's connected to registration,
	which should persist themn to firebase and gen creds, then redirect to proper doctor or nurse pages. Had to refactor front end services for the interceptor to work.	
	The interceptor is working so headers hould no longer be needed for any requests to the backed. Today they are working on login to navigate to user profile and implemenmting
	local storage so logged in user is available across all components. Would like to find out how teams want this to occur. 
	blockers? The interceptor was the big blocker but it is resolved. 
	
Team 2  - working on doctor and nurse pages. Working on getting patiens from backed by fn, fn+ln+dob. Displaying patient data on nurse pages. 
	Had to refactor patient controller to return a list instead of single object. Today will continue working on the getByUsername, need information on security key.
	Organising with security team to have someone swing by and show them how to get things working. 
	blockers? Searching for patients by doctor id is challenging (it's a long value) so they will instead search by doctor name
	
Team 3 - Screening is ready for review. Room selection is being actively developed. The user interface is the main feature of focus for Rooms. 
	Today will see if other groups could use help. Mario and Ben intend to finish the interface today or tomorrow which will involve integrating FE and BE. 
	No real blockers. 
	
Team 4 - Backend was finished. Today working on diagnosis component posting a new diagnosis.
	Blockers - don't have current patient and logged in user. Creating dummy data which is getting convoluted. 
		can resolve with cooperation on how this data should be sent to the component. 
	